############ ENCODE EXPERIMENT MATRIX
https://www.encodeproject.org/matrix/?type=Experiment&control_type!=*&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq

#H3K9ac

H3K9ac - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&control_type!=*&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K9ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K9ac - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K9ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung



#H3K9me3

H3K9me3 - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K9me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K9ame3 - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K9me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung

H3K9me3 - foreskin fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K9me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=foreskin+fibroblast



#H3K27ac

H3K27ac - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K27ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K27ac - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K27ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung

H3K27ac - foreskin fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K27ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=foreskin+fibroblast

H3K27ac - fibroblast of breast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K27ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+breast

H3K27ac - embryonic fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K27ac&biosample_ontology.term_name=embryonic+fibroblast



#H3K36me3

H3K36me3 - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K36me3&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K36me3 - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K36me3&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung

H3K36me3 - foreskin fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K36me3&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&biosample_ontology.term_name=foreskin+fibroblast

H3K36me3 - fibroblast of breast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K36me3&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+breast




#H3K27me3

H3K27me3 - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&target.label=H3K27me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K27me3 - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&target.label=H3K27me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung

H3K27me3 - foreskin fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K36me3&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&biosample_ontology.term_name=foreskin+fibroblast

H3K27me3 - fibroblast of breast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&biosample_ontology.classification=primary+cell&target.label=H3K27me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+breast



#H3K4me3

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of lung
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+lung

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of dermis
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+dermis

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of breast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+breast

H3K4me3 - foreskin fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=foreskin+fibroblast

H3K4me3 - cardiac fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=cardiac+fibroblast

H3K4me3 - emryonic fibroblast
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=embryonic+fibroblast

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of mammary gland
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+mammary+gland

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of pulmonary artery
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+pulmonary+artery

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of aorta adventa
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+the+aortic+adventitia

H3K4me3 - fibroblast of villous mesenchyme
https://www.encodeproject.org/search/?type=Experiment&status=released&perturbed=false&assay_title=Histone+ChIP-seq&target.label=H3K4me3&biosample_ontology.term_name=fibroblast+of+villous+mesenchyme
